Previously on From...
Miranda painted things she saw here.
One of those paintings
was of a man in a yellow suit.
We thought he was just like us.
But he wasn't like us.
When I found Mom out by The Bottle Tree.
I saw him.
He was eating her.
Have you ever wondered
if maybe this is all just a dream?
That thing I carried inside me.
I still feel it.
Like we're connected.
Part of me feels what he feels.
There's something about those dolls.
I think I've seen them before.
I remembered.
I remembered how to hurt them.
This is where
the children were sacrificed.
Tell me how we save them
when we've already failed.
You want me to help plan a suicide mission
because you think the bones
of those children are buried down there?
Yes!
There was a hidden door.
Do you remember seeing any doors
in the basement of Colony House?
You want me to go down in those tunnels?
Then show me the fucking door!
Holy shit.
We're gonna need a plan.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
Any luck?
Not yet.
- I'm gonna break it down.
- No. you know what?
If it's sealed.
it's probably for the best.
Yeah?
Yeah.
Just in case.
Our lives are fucking weird. man.
Yeah. they are.
- Nothing?
- He's not upstairs.
Could be that he...
Never mind.
Evening.
- He's drunk.
- Yeah.
You really think now is the best time?
I don't have a choice.
- Well. do you want me to come with you?
- No. I got it.
Henry!
What can I do you for?
Hey. do you...
mind coming upstairs and having a word?
- What's wrong?
- Nothing. Nothing.
- Is Victor okay?
- Victor is fine. Look. I just...
There's something
I need to tell everyone. but...
something I think that you and Victor
need to hear first.
So I just want to talk to the two of you.
That's all.
All right.
No. I'm fine.
- You sure?
- I need to say it again?
Are those Dad's shirts?
Yeah.
Sometimes I like to look at his stuff too.
Julie's home.
Okay.
Let's go talk. okay?
Giant dolls?
Mom was the one who killed it.
She stabbed it with a voodoo totem.
And how did you know that would work?
Well. I...
I remembered.
Remembered what?
There's something I need to tell you both.
And it's... it's something
that's been very hard for me to...
to understand. to believe.
Mom. whatever it is. just say it.
I've been here before.
many. many times.
all the way back to the beginning.
The last time I was here. I was Miranda.
I was Victor's mother.
Are you insane?
- Henry.
- I'm not listening to this.
Do you have any idea what you just...
How dare you? How...
- Maybe you should just sit down.
- Don't!
You don't tell me what to do.
You come in here.
and you say those things?
That my wife...
No. Victor. let's go.
You don't have to listen to this.
It's okay. Dad.
It's okay? It's not okay.
- All right. why don't we all...
- No!
No more.
Victor...
do you understand everything I said?
No one's claiming that Tabitha is--
When I said she was here before.
that she was your mother.
you have to understand--
Please stop.
I don't want you to talk anymore.
Okay.
I...
guess I'll go.
We need to find out
about the man in yellow.
What does this have to do
with the man in yellow?
Everything.
If he's back...
it could all be happening again.
If you and Tabitha were here before...
does that mean-- Were we all here before?
No. I don't think so.
Then what the fuck are we all doing here?
These... These children
that were sacrificed...
they have been crying out
to Tabitha and me
for help for all these years.
And that cry. I think on some level
maybe you heard it too.
Can we just pause for a second
and talk about the fact that this is all
coming out of a mushroom trip?
I mean. how is this different
than any of the insane theories
people have had about this place?
Because of the door in the basement.
The... The door behind the wall.
Look. Kristi. I was the first person
to call bullshit on all of this. okay?
But the truth is.
Jade saw something in that trip
he couldn't have possibly known.
But how do we know this isn't just...
I mean. this place puts
a lot of weird shit in our heads.
I know.
Believe me. I thought of that. too.
So how is this any different?
Because of what they did to Jim.
That message on the wall.
"Knowledge comes at a cost."
It's possible that Jim died because...
of what Tabitha and Jade remembered.
Look. that message was meant to scare us.
but I think the message
tells us something else.
That we are close.
For the first time. we are close
to figuring this place out.
When your enemy threatens you.
right. tries to scare you...
that means they are scared of you.
And you think this place is scared of us
digging up the bones of these children
because that could be what gets us home?
- Yes.
- I--
I guess you told them.
Henry.
It isn't... It isn't true.
Henry?
Whatever he said about my wife.
about Tabitha. about him.
it isn't true.
- What you're doing. it isn't right.
- Okay.
I got it.
Henry. wait.
Miranda was right.
You-- Don't you say her name.
Listen to me.
Saving the children is the only way
to get everyone home.
- No!
- We are trying to finish what she started.
No!
No. you listen to me.
You might think you're helping people.
you might think you're smart enough
to get everyone home. but...
I promise you the only thing
you will cause is pain.
You cannot save dead things.
no matter how fucking smart
you think you are.
Hey.
Give him some time.
He'll come around.
We got things to do.
- Yeah.
- Yep.
What are you doing?
Nothing.
Julie. I can smell it through the window.
It just--
It helps me process things. okay?
Seriously. after everything
you told us last night.
this is what you're gonna hang up on?
Do you want Ethan to see this?
See what?
Nothing. Nothing.
So. is Victor my brother now?
What?
Well. if you were Miranda.
then wouldn't that make
me and Victor brothers?
It's not real. Ethan.
What?
Look. Mom. I know you and Jade think
that you've unlocked this big mystery
about this place. but it's not real.
This place doesn't give us real.
It gives us fucked-up. twisted ideas.
Okay. okay. Julie. listen to me.
If I had any doubt about anything...
I wouldn't have said anything.
Jade and Boyd wouldn't have told
everyone at Colony House.
- They told people?
- Yes.
Are you insane?
- This is how we could go home.
- Mom!
I wish people
would just stop with that shit.
Where are you going?
Somewhere Ethan won't see.
- What does that mean?
- Nothing. Julie!
What?
I need to know you're okay.
I'm not okay.
But I'm not gonna hurt myself.
So...
Victor's here.
Hello.
Hi. Victor.
I need...
I need to find out
about the man in yellow.
That means that
I have to do something scary.
Will you please come with me?
I'm saying that we got one shot at this.
So we need to ask
every question we can think of.
and then we need to ask them again.
So beside the three of us.
who's been in the tunnels?
- Victor. for sure.
- Tabitha. when the house collapsed.
Great. That's a start.
We need all the info we can get
on the layout.
Map it. sketch it.
whatever you need to do.
I don't care.
I want to know every entrance
and every exit to that chamber.
how long we need to dig.
and then we figure out
how not to get ourselves killed.
Right? Talk to Randall.
- About what?
- He spent a lot of time on the bus
watching those things
come out of the woods at night.
So we need to get as much intel as we can
on their behaviors. their patterns.
At the very least. a head count.
Right? If we're going into the nest.
I want to know exactly how many
we're dealing with. Right.
This place isn't gonna
make it easy. you know?
Once we push.
it's going to push back hard.
Yeah. I got an idea about that. so...
What's wrong with your hand?
Nothing. Nothing.
Look. we just told everybody out there
some genuinely fucked-up shit.
The longer they get to stew on it.
the greater the chance somebody
gets in their head to do something stupid.
So. we need to do this smart.
but we gotta do it fast.
Let's get to work.
Yes. sir.
Simpler times. huh?
That wasn't just
busy work you gave me. huh?
No.
I was hoping you might find something
useful about Tabitha and Jade.
You really think that they've been--
Like. I--
We're talking about reincarnation here.
Okay. that's a whole different--
Yeah.
Look. if you're going down into
those tunnels. you're gonna need help.
Yes. I am.
And you and me. we're gonna talk
about that when the time comes.
But right now.
I need you back in that basement.
- No. Boyd. I gotta--
- Hey. no. listen. not just you.
We need a whole team down there.
And we need a second team
at the diner in the storerooms.
Looking for what?
Anything you can tell me
about a man in a yellow suit.
A man...
Who the fuck is that?
Yeah. I'm hoping something
that you find might tell me--
You sure you're not
just looking for something
to keep everyone's minds off
of how fucking crazy this is?
Listen. if we're gonna do this.
we need to know exactly
what is out there waiting for us.
Is that all you can give me?
A man in a yellow suit?
We know that he was here in the late '70s.
when Victor was a kid.
That's a start. I guess.
Simpler times.
Yeah.
How's she doing?
Cognitively. she seems fine.
As far as any damage.
I got the ultrasound from the clinic.
And?
I didn't see anything catastrophic.
But without a CT or an MRI...
Yeah. the hard part is just
gonna be getting her to take it easy.
Yeah.
Well. you can go see her.
- Kristi!
- What?
- What? Come on.
- You should have told me.
About Jade and Tabitha.
- I--
- We're supposed to be in this together.
Yeah. we are. We are. but-- We are.
We are.
- How are you feeling?
- I'm good.
- And the tremors?
- I'm dealing with them.
Still seeing things that aren't there?
No. No. just the one time.
You've got a lot of people's lives
in your hands. Boyd.
- Yeah.
- Come to the clinic.
I want to do an exam.
Yeah.
Yeah?
Hey.
How you feeling?
Better than you look.
Maybe you should be the one lying here.
Yeah. maybe.
Heard you had a big meeting downstairs.
Yes. we did.
So you thought it would be a good idea
to gather up a house
full of emotionally unstable people
and spend the night talking about
reincarnation
and the bones of dead children.
I didn't have a choice.
Right.
Because you took a fucking sledgehammer
to my wall.
That door something
we should worry about?
No. we tried to open it. It's sealed.
Jade said it leads to the tunnels.
so we put an extra talisman on it
just to be safe.
Bury Roger yet?
He's still in the shed.
- Oh. Jesus. Boyd.
- We need to pick a new spot.
For what?
For burying people.
The cemete-- The cemetery's full.
We were pushing it
with Jim and the pastor.
Got any more good news
you want to bring me?
Look...
I need you to tell me everything you can
about those totems you brought back
from the settlement.
The one Tabitha used to kill that doll.
I told you everything already.
Tell me again.
Why?
Because tonight I'm gonna find out
if they work on those things
that come out of the woods.
That's a fucking terrible idea.
Let's say you actually kill
one of those things.
Apparently they don't even stay dead.
You ready to risk
another one of our people
going through
what Fatima just went through?
What I want is to keep our people safe
in those tunnels.
So let's just deal with
one problem at a time. okay?
Okay.
So I need three people with Elgin
to go through the storeroom at the diner.
and then the rest of you
are gonna be in the basement with me.
And remember. be quick.
but be thorough. okay?
We got this.
You're gonna go with him.
Sir. you're over here. Yeah.
Hey. you got this.
What are you doing in here?
Did you know anything about him?
About Roger?
Yeah.
Gardening.
Yeah. just about every conversation we had
was about his garden back home.
My mom used to tell me
that when people die.
they just go somewhere else.
She didn't really believe
in heaven or hell.
She just believed
that death was a transition
to another place
we couldn't see from here.
I remember how much comfort
that brought me when she passed away.
But whatever that place is...
Roger doesn't get to go.
Because he's still here.
They're all still here.
Whatever they're doing
to find those bones. we need to help.
Look. so we know they tend
to spread out down the street. right?
And according to Randall.
they've got patterns.
Some of them have nightly rituals.
and we can use that.
So say we catch one of them
right here. right?
We hit him fast and dirty.
turn around. head right back
into the station. right?
- Sure.
- And even... even if...
even if the station is blocked.
we got plenty of exit routes
all up and down the street.
Okay. and what if something goes wrong?
Then we improvise.
Look. those things are used to us
cowering inside our houses.
locking the doors.
lowering the blinds.
trying to ignore them.
The last thing they expect is for
one of us to head straight at them.
The bottom line is.
if these things can hurt them.
slow them down even.
it's going to make going down
into those tunnels a whole lot safer.
Okay. and who's gonna be the one
running out here with that thing?
I am.
Hello?
Anyone home?
Tabitha?
I need to talk to you.
Hello?
Is that the car the man
in the yellow suit came here in?
Yeah.
So what kind of clues are we looking for?
I don't know.
Let's start with the trunk.
It's not that scary.
Is that Miranda's car?
Yeah.
Can we go inside?
No. honey.
I don't think it's a good idea.
Why not?
Mom?
We should go.
- Did you find something?
- We have to go right now.
Victor. what did you find?
A bag of teeth.
- A what?
- There was-- Here.
- You should see them. Here.
- No. no.
No. he needs to be prepared.
Prepare-- Okay. wait. Prepared for what?
- He has to be. because--
- Wait.
Are you really my mother?
- Victor.
- Don't you see?
You came to town last time.
You brought a boy and a girl.
and the man in yellow showed up.
Everyone died. but not the boy.
The boy lived.
and he grew up alone and afraid.
and he wasn't prepared.
And now you're here
with a boy and a girl again.
and the man in yellow is back.
- Mom. what does that mean?
- No. it's fine.
You have to be prepared. Ethan.
- Hey. Victor. No. Victor.
- You have to know what's coming.
You need to stop. Stop it.
Stop it. Ethan.
What's wrong with you?
Ethan!
Hey. Come in.
Sorry. I didn't mean to bother you.
No. no. No bother at all.
What can I do for you?
It's just...
I was thinking about what you said
earlier this morning about...
about going down into those tunnels
to dig up those bones.
Isn't that dangerous?
Well. yeah.
Yeah. it is.
But it could also be
what helps us get home.
How?
Well. we're not quite clear on that yet.
But those things that come out at night.
people say that
they live in those tunnels.
That's right. yeah.
So. if those bones are important.
it's not like they're just gonna
let you go down there and take them.
No. they're not. but...
turns out we might have
a new card to play.
Remember this morning when I said
that Tabitha used one of these
to kill that doll up at the settlement?
- Yeah.
- Well. tonight...
we're gonna see what they do to
those things that come out of the woods.
Really?
Is there a reason we can't just
draw a map of the tunnels?
I work better spatially.
It's a technique I used when
I was designing my company. all right?
If you visualize the dimension
of what you're trying to create. right.
the space you want to move through.
it helps create a more accurate--
Yeah. we're not exactly
designing a company. right?
It doesn't matter.
You apply the principles of what you know.
- Okay.
- Wait!
What did you do before you got here?
What?
Before you came to town. what'd you do?
What was your job?
Can we please just focus.
Come on. You know what I did.
Yes. yes. I know what you did.
Everyone knows what you did because...
- you never shut the fuck up about it.
- If I guess will you tell me if I'm right?
- No.
- Firefighter.
- Manager at a retail store.
Why are those your first two guesses?
Well...
That's a lot of wires.
Yeah. we're kind of in the middle of...
Well. don't let me stop you.
What do you think Kenny did
before he got here?
Okay. I worked in youth sports.
- You were a coach?
- No. I was an administrator.
- Coach Kenny. I like it.
- No. stop.
- Can we just focus on the maps?
- Hey.
- How's it going?
- Kenny was a coach.
- Oh. my God.
- We gotta get you a whistle.
Great. Hey. Kenny.
can I talk to you outside?
Yeah.
Hey. Henry. what'd you do
before you got here?
Pretty much what I'm doing right now.
- Do you want to start over here?
- Yeah.
- It's right in there.
- I'll be there in a second.
Hi.
What are you guys doing?
We're just going through some stuff
in the storeroom.
Mind if I sit?
Okay.
I never got the chance to say
how sorry I was about your dad.
How's your eye?
- I mean...
- I know what you mean.
Kristi says it's healing pretty good.
You gonna tell me what happened?
No.
So I guess you heard about my mom.
Do you think it's true?
She thinks it is.
And that scares the shit out of me.
Why?
Because every time someone here
feels like they have a purpose.
that they've discovered the truth.
somebody always ends up dead.
But there is a truth here.
- There has to be.
- Why?
Why can't this whole place
just be some random fucking cruelty
that exists for no reason
other than to do exactly what it's doing?
Look. I know you want to believe
that this is all
some part of God's fucked-up plan.
- I do.
- Okay. great.
So. explain to me
why you don't have an eye.
We are all being tested.
So. part of your test
is getting mutilated?
Sorry.
I'm an asshole.
There is a truth behind all of this.
But you know how this place wins?
It's by throwing so many lies at you
that you don't believe the truth.
even when it's staring you
right in the face.
It isn't right what you're doing.
you know?
So you said.
Filling people's heads with nonsense
and telling my son that his mother is...
It isn't right.
Have you talked to Tabitha yet?
Have I talked to the woman you claim
is a reincarnation of my dead wife?
No. I haven't had the chance.
She was out earlier when I stopped by.
You know. maybe if you cut down
a little on the...
- What? What is it?
- Do you hear that?
He's back.
Henry?
Blink twice if you can hear me.
Dad?
- What?
- Dad?
Dad?
Hi.
- V...
- Dad? Stay with me.
Henry? Henry?
Hey. Henry.
What is it? What just happened?
Hey. whoa. whoa. whoa. What just happened?
I need to go.
- Let me do it.
- What?
Let me be the one to go outside.
No. look. you've done enough.
I just need to make sure that people
are standing by their doors to let me in.
- just in case things go sideways.
- I killed my brother.
I tried to murder a little boy.
Nothing I do will ever be enough.
Well. tonight is your night off.
We go down into those tunnels.
that's when I'll need you.
Be careful. Boyd.
You just make sure
you're standing by that door. okay?
It's time to play.
Okay.
Nice.
Hey. Hey. what are you doing?
Yoga. The fuck does it
look like I'm doing?
Let's get back in bed.
Please.
Okay.
Drive me fucking insane.
What are you even doing down here?
I thought you were upstairs
working on that project of yours.
We're a little shorthanded.
Ellis and Kenny are helping Boyd in town.
Right.
I can't just fucking lay here anymore.
Okay. well. you have to.
At least for now.
- I'm sorry.
- No. you're not.
Your bedside manner sucks.
Donna. if this thing
with Jade and Tabitha.
if that's real.
after everything you've survived here.
you really want to die
right before we all get to go home
because you were too stubborn
to lay in bed for a minute?
You never used to be this sassy.
Well. I gave birth
to a fucking monster. so...
people change.
Yeah.
They do.
You're staying here tonight?
Is that okay?
I heard what Boyd was planning in town.
and I would just rather not be
down there tonight.
Those creatures terrify me.
Well. you're not alone.
Welcome to Colony House.
Thank you.
Hey. he tell you the plan?
Yeah.
All right. I talked to everybody
in all the houses.
We're all set.
- Okay.
- Let's get ready.
All right.
I figure we'll give 'em
an hour or so after nightfall.
Let 'em get settled out there.
Make 'em think it's just a normal night.
Dad.
What's going on?
I should be the one
to go out there tonight.
What? No.
Hey. look. it makes more sense.
- Why?
- I'm your second.
Right? I'm your second.
These are the things that I'm supposed
to do so you don't have to. That's why.
No. I appreciate it.
But it's my plan. my risk.
Dad. what if something goes wrong?
- We can't afford to lose you here.
- So we can afford to lose Kenny?
That's not what he's saying.
You know that.
Listen. we're not
having this conversation.
- Dad.
- I am not having this conversation.
Dad. you can't fucking do it.
Look. it's not safe for you
to go out there. not in your condition.
- My--
- Okay. what happens...
What if your leg gives out?
Like last time.
what if you can't get back up?
Listen to me very carefully.
Both of you. listen.
I'm not sending anyone out there
and risk their life
while I sit in here like a--
Fucking stop it!
Goddammit! Stop it.
Dad. please.
Please.
- We've got a few more coming.
- Where?
Right there.
You see 'em?
Yeah. I got 'em.
Look.
You remember. if you can't make it
back here to the station.
you got escape routes
up and down the street.
Every house has got somebody
waiting at the door for you.
And if you can't make it
to one of those houses.
we got talismans on the church.
the bus. the diner. and the barn.
So you find the safest route you can.
and hey. you run.
I got it.
Kenny. look at me.
I'll be okay.
All right.
Okay.
Hey. we got one or two more
coming up the road.
Yeah. I think we got one.
Still too far.
- Wait till he's closer.
- Boyd. that's close enough.
Okay. Okay. the rest of them
are spread out.
It's a good time. Let's go.
Hey. I'm ready.
Fast and dirty.
You stab. you run.
Don't wait to see what happens.
You ready?
- Yeah.
- Three. two...
- I think it worked.
- All right. come on.
Just kidding.
Get out of there!
- Dad. they're blocking the doors.
- No!
This isn't going very well. is it?
I think you have a problem. Kenny.
Oh. no.
I killed your father. you know.
He made such funny noises.
Do you make funny noises?
Don't!
Door! Door!
Oh. God!
Roger! Please don't do this.
I know you're in there!
I know you're still inside!
I know you're still in there!
What the fuck just happened?
What just happened?
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm